a little bit of a turnover and it's adam
walker he was able to just reset this
forward unit for the braids plan now
cook is in cook gets wrapped up and he
takes his Manfred behind he's probably
gonna penalize this cook and he's taken
down Captain Smith aggressively he got
his free hand involved and I suspect
that Kenton Smith and giving the
salutation there may very well of equal
up this opportunity I couldn't have seen
with a Darnell with assessing a penalty
but you'd have been surprised to think
that Brennan cook could have got away
with that and he lets it all go and
nothing is penalized and a little bit of
a uncertain passage when Finnerty was
shoot Perez didn't know where it was it
was in his pads nice play there Adams
will come across in a shot ricocheting
rebound chance both will store easy does
it shot in from Adams and Brad bought
these shoots and he scores comfortably
The Devil's on the board first and Phil
Hill unable to get it but Captain Smith
pokes it away again these Devils do have
possession now in on top of Perez Perez
needs to be careful and right in top
Kevin Phillips takes down Brad Wathan
voth like he's sliding into second base
goes right through jf Perez and no doubt
that was a little bit of a reminder as
Perez was taking liberties with John
Kelly a moment ago and Phil Hill
currently with the senior side and no
doubt that will be with them again come
this year of World Championships Oh
infinity is vanilla draw pound against
most doc he was just hooked there enough
and made it look especially in front of
referee Tom Darnell like the fish hook
had gone right into his mouth and he was
yanked back John pehle who everybody has
to watch these days and Pella is just
fantastic beer breyer taking exception
and takes his man down and the stick was
getting too high on him a number of
times and he just finally had enough
then took down Battier
and adopt was it up I think both players
will go
there is match day going off as well
both players linking up and getting
involved and we'll just hold it the
corner waiting for michelle michelle was
shoot think there's a nice play to
Weller what I go baby sweet music as
Michelle to Weller and he shoots and he
scores comfortably Craig Weller again
keeps this train a-rollin in cardiff bay
they were both even strike goals neither
the power play Kyle Bruce just gets
ahead of Craig Weller weather takes him
down though just for his troubles and
while there's still battling with them
and good work out front here and there's
gonna be a penalty now coming up against
the devils late and it's a slash that's
going to come in ryan finnerty and gah
Bruce is a handful and to be a handful
for Craig Weller well that's that's
doing something matzke there to support
them and beer briar this is good
movement here Bostock is able to get
himself away from trouble the Devils
were coming in numbers and we're coming
heavy and hard beer briar mats good nice
little touch on from Jared item there's
gonna be a penalty though up here
against the devils and has ever seen to
be a little too forceful and motzkin now
is on his way to the box to the white
side michelle just gets a slight touch
on it oh and he just rolls Landry off
the puck michelle does enough was there
on his own Stewart McRae was trying to
support him and I'll Connolly will break
and Haywood it's Conley has taken down
Haywood was going to be an option in the
back side and now the Connelly's taken
down there's going to be an interference
call and I think it's going to go number
12 Craig Weller a little bit of a
turnover and it's out of Walker